Approved in principle, with one important architectural requirement.

Your overall sequence is correct:

Sprint 1 — immediate interaction improvements
Sprint 2 — LLM tool/action dispatch
Sprint 3 — contextual chaining and polish

Proceed with Sprint 1.

For Sprint 2, YES: tool/function calling is the correct architectural direction. Emmaus capabilities should become explicit tools/actions available to the conversational model rather than continuing to expand regex and phrase matching.

However, do NOT assume that the final Voice architecture should remain:

record complete utterance
→ stop
→ upload/transcribe
→ classify
→ send to conversational endpoint
→ wait
→ synthesize TTS
→ restart microphone

Tool calling alone will improve intelligence but will not necessarily solve the unnatural turn-taking that physical-device testing has exposed.

Before implementing Sprint 2, investigate the CURRENT OpenAI realtime voice capabilities available to this project and determine whether we can use a persistent realtime audio/conversation session with tool/function calling.

The desired architecture is conceptually:

live user audio
↕
persistent realtime conversational session
↕
Emmaus tools/actions
↕
canonical Emmaus services/content

with streamed audio response and genuine barge-in/interruption.

NOT merely:

speech-to-text
→ normal LLM request
→ tool call
→ text response
→ separate TTS.

If a true realtime architecture is practical with the current application, we should architect toward it now rather than spending substantial effort perfecting an intermediate voice-command pipeline that we later replace.

The five initial Emmaus tools remain the correct proof scope:

1. Ask Emmaus conversation
2. Open/navigate My Bible
3. Retrieve/read Bible passage
4. Retrieve/read today's Daily Rhythm / 10 Minutes with Jesus
5. Retrieve/read today's Daily Devotional / Psalms Daily Devotional

Also preserve the existing deterministic shortcuts only where they provide useful instant handling for simple commands such as:

stop
pause
resume
end session

Do not allow the regex system to remain the primary natural-language understanding layer.

So:

1. Implement Sprint 1.
2. Checkpoint.
3. Before coding Sprint 2, report whether the current OpenAI integration can support a persistent realtime voice session + tool/function calling.
4. Compare that architecture with adding tool calls to the existing STT → LLM → TTS pipeline.
5. Recommend which architecture gets us closest to genuinely natural, low-latency Emmaus Voice.
6. Include migration risk and what existing Phase 1–4 work can be retained.
7. STOP for approval before implementing Sprint 2.

The product target remains:

I start Emmaus Voice once and then simply have a conversation with Emmaus.

I should not need to think about when it is listening.
I should not need to formulate commands.
I should not need to speak unnaturally loudly or clearly.
I should be able to interrupt naturally.
Emmaus should understand follow-up references from context.
Emmaus should be able to operate the application for me.
Navigation should not end the conversation.
Reading should not end the conversation.

Do Sprint 1 now, then give me the realtime architecture assessment before Sprint 2.