Fix the Daily Devotional Series creation error shown in the current app.

Current behaviour:

Content Studio
→ Daily Devotionals
→ New Series
→ enter “Psalms Daily Devotional”
→ select “Psalms”
→ Create Series

The form displays this raw server response:

Cannot POST /api/devotionals

This means the frontend is posting to an API endpoint that is not registered, is using the wrong route, or is using the wrong HTTP method.

Do not redesign the Daily Devotionals interface.
Do not change the Daily Devotionals architecture.
Do not work on Journeys.
Fix this specific blocker completely.

REQUIRED FIX

1. Inspect the frontend submission handler for the New Devotional Series modal.

2. Identify the exact endpoint and HTTP method it currently calls.

3. Inspect the backend devotional routes and determine the canonical series-creation endpoint.

4. Either:
   - register POST /api/devotionals as the correct create-series route, or
   - update the frontend to call the existing correct route.

Use one canonical endpoint consistently across frontend, backend and shared API helpers.

5. The endpoint must:
   - validate the authenticated admin/editor;
   - accept the series title and series type;
   - create a new Daily Devotional series in the correct database table or collection;
   - generate and return the real series ID;
   - return structured JSON;
   - use an appropriate HTTP status such as 201;
   - never return an HTML error page to the modal.

Expected success response structure:

{
  "success": true,
  "series": {
    "id": "...",
    "title": "Psalms Daily Devotional",
    "seriesType": "psalms",
    "status": "draft"
  }
}

6. After successful creation:
   - close the modal;
   - show a brief success message;
   - refresh the Daily Devotional series list;
   - navigate to the newly created series using its real database ID.

Example:

/admin/content-studio/devotionals/{seriesId}

Use the actual route structure already established in this project. Do not invent a second competing route.

7. On failure:
   - keep the modal open;
   - show a clean human-readable error such as:
     “We couldn’t create this devotional series. Please try again.”
   - log the technical error for debugging;
   - never display raw HTML, stack traces or “Cannot POST” responses to the user.

8. Check whether the request body field names match the backend schema.

The visible form currently contains:

Title:
Psalms Daily Devotional

Series Type:
Psalms

Ensure the backend receives the required normalized values, for example:

{
  "title": "Psalms Daily Devotional",
  "seriesType": "psalms"
}

9. Check for route-ordering problems, missing router registration, missing JSON middleware, incorrect API base paths, or frontend calls accidentally hitting the Vite/static server rather than the application API.

10. Restart or rebuild the relevant server after registering the route.

TEST THE COMPLETE FLOW

Confirm all of the following:

✓ Clicking Create Series sends one POST request.

✓ The request reaches the correct backend handler.

✓ The response is JSON, not HTML.

✓ Psalms Daily Devotional is created only once.

✓ A real series ID is returned.

✓ The modal closes after success.

✓ The new series appears in the Daily Devotionals list.

✓ The app opens the correct series detail page.

✓ Refreshing the page still loads the created series.

✓ Validation errors appear cleanly.

✓ Raw API errors are never rendered inside the form.

Do not create extra sample series.
Do not generate devotional entries.
Do not auto-publish anything.

Stop after this creation flow works and report:
1. the route that was broken;
2. the canonical route now being used;
3. the files changed;
4. the result of each test above.